Add a fake chat button to defer script loading (#13)
vtex-apps/zendesk-chat: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]

> ### Feat
> - Add a fake chat button to defer the loading of Zendesk's script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
- Fake chat button to defer the loading of Zendesk's script.
```
